Responsive is better than fast
It’s not fully shipped until it’s fast
Anything added dilutes everything else
Practicality beats purity
Approachable is better than simple
Mind your words, they are important
Speak like a human
Half measures are as bad as nothing at all
Encourage flow
Non-blocking is better than blocking
Favor focus over features
Avoid administrative distraction
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing
Design for failure
Keep it logically awesome
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall
The things that are most important aren't written in books. You have to learn them by experiencing them yourself.
In the end, L is indeed the greatest detective on earth...
We will not just fade away, thought there's no way to know how long it may last. We WILL leave our mark on this world!
Even if they are locked in cage, as long as they have wings, birds can dream of the wide-open sky. But.. If their wings are plucked, they will cease to be birds...
A joke only lasts for a moment, if it leaves a misunderstanding, it becomes a lie.
You don't abuse and use people for your own convenience.
I do want to die. But I want to die happily. Like I have for others, I want someone to wave me off. My friends, my wife, and my children... Making them mourn for me, making them long for me, and leaving things that I should have done behind... That is how I want to die.
Today, everything's shining brightly! The air, the people, and even this classroom; because today, I actually did my homework!
When you give up, your dreams and everything else, they're gone.
Not all warriors fight on the battlefield with a sword in hand. A sailor makes his living battling the sea
...Without love, it cannot be seen? ...Hah. That's backwards... Because of love, you end up seeing things that don't even exist.
Will you choose that ticket and live on as a man? Or will you choose this one and go back to being a woman? No matter what you choose, I'm sure you will continue to waver. But what's wrong with that? Manly? Womanly? Are those random values that others made up really what you were striving toward? If things were so clear cut, then neither men, women, you, or me would be leading such painful lives.
If I get reincarnated... I wanna become a clam.
However rough the waters in the outside world may be, to find your own lighthouse and swim for it is only logical, isn't it?
If you feel like crying you should not hold back your tears. You should let it all out while you still can - because when you get bigger sometimes you can't cry even if you have something to cry about.